OADP-461: Document known issue: Restore of resources with Admission Webhooks (#47634)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-debugging-velero-admin-webhooks.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

[id="migration-debugging-velero-admin-webhooks_{context}"]
= Issues with Velero and admission webhooks

> Velero has limited abilities to resolve admission webhook issues, so you might need to use an additional Velero plug-in or make changes to the workload itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Velero has limited abilities to resolve admission webhook issues, so you might need to use an additional Velero plug-in or make changes to how you restore the workload.
```

> For example, both Knative resources and IBM AppConnect resources might not restore properly with Velero.

Reviewer 2: maybe add link references as in the bug?
https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/issues/4847

Author: Added links for the Knative resources and IBM AppConnect resources issues.

Reviewer 3: @RichardHoch The IBM issue was closed because there wasn't anything to fix in OADP. That's one of the issues that led to recognizing the need to document this sort of limitation.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

> [id="migration-debugging-velero-admin-webhooks_{context}"]

Author: Done

= Issues with Velero and admission webhooks

Velero has limited abilities to resolve admission webhook issues during a restore, so you might need to use an additional Velero plug-in or make changes to how you restore the workload.

> Typically workloads with admission webhooks require you to create a resource of a specific kind first.

Author: @kaovilai @dymurray  Could you add some information here (or in the Jira) about how the creation of resources might help with the restore?

Documented restore workarounds:

* link:https://github.com/knative/serving/issues/10926#issuecomment-886434177[Knative] requires you to restore the top level `Service` resource first by entering the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ velero restore <restoreName> --from-backup=<backupName> --include-resources \

Reviewer 4: You could update the replaceable value references so that they are lowercase and use underscores to separate the words. For example:

* `<restore_name>`
* `<backup_name>`

For more information, see [Code blocks, command syntax, and example output](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#code-blocks-command-syntax-and-example-output) in the OpenShift documentation guidelines.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/troubleshooting.adoc

[id="migration-debugging-velero-admin-webhooks_{context}"]
= Issues with Velero and admission webhooks

Velero has limited abilities to resolve admission webhook issues during a restore, so you might need to use an additional Velero plug-in or make changes to how you restore the workload.

Typically workloads with admission webhooks require you to create a resource of a specific kind first.

Documented restore workarounds:

> * link:https://github.com/knative/serving/issues/10926#issuecomment-886434177[Knative] requires you to resrore the top level `Service` resource be restored first by entering the following command:

Reviewer 5: @RichardHoch 
"...requires you to res**t**ore the top level `Service` resource first..."

Reviewer 5: @RichardHoch 
You've missed this one.

Author: Fixed

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ velero restore <restoreName> --from-backup=<backupName> --include-resources \
  service.serving.knavtive.dev
----

* IBM AppConnect resources requires special care in link:https://github.com/openshift/oadp-operator/issues/538[configuration] to be restored properly with Velero.

> For more information on admission plug-ins and webhooks, see xref:../../architecture/admission-plug-ins.adoc[admission plug-ins], especially xref:../../architecture/admission-plug-ins#admission-webhooks-about_admission-plug-ins[webhook admission plug-ins] and xref:../../architecture/admission-plug-ins#admission-webhook-types_admission-plug-ins[types of webhook admission plug-ins].

Reviewer 5: @RichardHoch 
We cannot have xrefs in modules. Make it into 'Additional resources' and a 'trailing include' in the Troubleshooting assembly following the include statement for this module. And in additional resources, we are now supposed to limit the text to the words in the square brackets. So this paragraph should appear in the Troubleshooting assembly like this:

include::modules/migration-debugging-velero-admin-webhooks.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources 
* xref:../../architecture/admission-plug-ins.adoc[Admission plug-ins]
* xref:../../architecture/admission-plug-ins#admission-webhooks-about_admission-plug-ins[Webhook admission plug-ins]
* xref:../../architecture/admission-plug-ins#admission-webhook-types_admission-plug-ins[Types of webhook admission plug-ins]
